{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AMImageManager is a library for managing images in an IOS app. \
This library includes Following classes.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Indicator\
{\listtext	2.	}AMImageCache\
{\listtext	3.	}AMImageManager\
{\listtext	4.	}AMImageView\
{\listtext	5.	}CacheItem\
{\listtext	6.	}Database\
{\listtext	7.	}DateUtil\
{\listtext	8.	}ImageCachingDatabaseService\
{\listtext	9.	}ImageRequest\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Indicator - This is a UIView subclass which contains an progress indicator and a string for describing the progress. Can be used by just creating the object of the class using the custom Init method. \
{\listtext	2.	}AMImageCache - This class is used to manage the Cache. This class has a dictionary of cache items having URL of the images as the key. This class also takes care of the cache size. This maintains a size of 5 MB. The data is refreshed using LRU algorithm.\
{\listtext	3.	}AMImageManager - This class does the actual cache managing job. it creates, handles the cache and also storage of images in the local database.\
{\listtext	4.	}AMImageView - its a custom image view to which the developer can either give an UIImage object or url of the image. if URL is received, it downloads the image asynchronously and stores that in the database and cache for future use.\
{\listtext	5.	}CacheItem -  is the model class for an image that is cached. \
{\listtext	6.	}Database -  base database class which creates the database object. and define basic functionalities of database classes.\
{\listtext	7.	}DateUtil -  class that defines few date comparison utilities.\
{\listtext	8.	}ImageCachingDatabaseService - a derived class of Database which defines all functionalities for the image cache database.\
{\listtext	9.	}ImageRequest - a derived class of ASIHTTPRequest for downloading Images asynchronously.\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0   	\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 	    \
}